today we're helping you conquer your
biggest health fears and with us today
is dr. bill Dorfman a cosmetic dentist
in Los Angeles California
right now we have Tanisha from San Jose
California on the phone she has a
question
so it's Nisha what's on your mind hi
doctors
thanks for taking my call I'm an
african-american woman in my 20s who's
fearful of showing my gums why smile or
laugh is there any procedure out there
that can lighten them I'm so glad you
asked this question because bill is here
and we just talked about this last week
because there is it's a nation object
this is really amazing you know the
thing about dark gums is it's it's
usually genetic right but you do see it
in smokers you can see it in people
taking certain medications and once in a
while when we do dental restorations and
there are certain kinds of metals in
there it can make spots on your gums now
it could be the whole gum or it could be
just areas regardless we have a
revolutionary new procedure to bleach
the gums and it's really really simple
Travis and what we're done there's a
picture of it before of someone just to
explain what people are dealing with
there are people that have such dark
gums that they're really really ashamed
to smile so we have a procedure it's
SuperDuper easy it's two steps dr. alex
farnoosh developed this out of Beverly
Hills the first thing we do is we apply
a chemical bleaching agent now what this
agent does is it bleaches the
pigmentation out of the gums and then we
use a dermabrasion we're going to use
this cordless prophy angle here and what
we're going to do is we're going to use
an abrasive to take this off of the gums
and the best thing about this Travis is
as soon as this comes off the gums this
is permanent this will never ever ever
come back again it's painless it's easy
it takes about 45 minutes to do both
arches and the patients love this I've
actually seen patients start crying the
second this was done
are you listening Tanisha I am and well
Tanisha if you're ashamed of your gums
you don't like them this is
a no-brainer procedure for you now we
have a picture before and after of one
of our patients who's actually here with
us today Travis
so ferret fairs in the audience and look
at that Larry are you happy I'm very
happy very satisfied is there anyone who
shouldn't get this procedure bill well
in order to do the procedure you have to
have healthy gums Travis okay okay so if
you have oral cancer pemphigus like
implants any of those oral diseases you
definitely can't do this
you also can't do it if you're on
coumadin if you're a bleeder and you're
taking something the other problem is if
you've got really thin tissue that
covers roots and if you have very
prominent roots like up in this area
where the tissues real thin you'll have
braids that off you're going to have a
problem but other than that those people
it's safe it's sound it's permanent so
Tanisha there is hope thanks so much for
asking the question what's down